Add the step5 text for new and noteworthy (#20)
eclipse-ide/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

- https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/about-forks
- https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork
- https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories

### ### Step 5: Write a New and Noteworthy Entry Upon Committer Request

In some cases, the committer may invite you to write a short description of your work for a New and Noteworthy entry.

> New and Noteworthy entries for top-level projects are, for instance, visible [on this page](https://eclipseide.org/release/noteworthy/). 

Reviewer: Let's use the target of that page.
```suggestion
New and Noteworthy entries for top-level projects are, for instance, visible [on this page](https://eclipse.dev/eclipse/news/news.html/). 
```
